Part1
Question 1:
From the question, we can conclude that the data group required is the men between the ages of 40 and 44 who died of alcohol use disorder in 2019. We get all data satisfying the criteria and then sort the data by val in reverse order. Here "val" refers to death rate. The data with the highest death rate is placed at the top. We pick the highest one and get its location. We conclude that Europe and Central Asia -WB have the highest rate of alcohol-related deaths among man aged 40-44 in 2019.
Question 2:
From the question, we get the criteria that measure equals to "prevalence", location equals to "East Asia" or "Pacific -WB" and cause equals to "Alcohol use disorders". We get all data satisfying the criteria. We use ggplot function to plot scatter plots of the data. X-axis displays the "year" and Y-axis displays the "val". Age and sex are distinguished by color and shape. We facet the plot according to sex so that we can clearly see the difference between male and female. From the plot, we can conclude that the prevalence of alcohol-related disease of men in the East Asia and Pacific region increases in 1990-1995 and 2005-2020 and decreases in 1995-2005. Additionally, the prevalence of women has no obvious change over time. The trend does not change among different age groups. To determine whether there is a difference between men and women, we perform a statistical test. We first use Shapiro-Wilk normality test. We dicover that the data of male and female are not normally distributed. So we then use a Wilcoxon ranke sum text. From the text, we conclude that there is a difference between male and female.
Question 3:
From the question, we get the criteria that measure equals to "Death", location equals to "North America" and cause equals to "Opioid use disorders". We get all data satisfying the criteria. We use ggplot function to plot scatter plots of the data. X-axis displays the "year" and Y-axis displays the "val". Age and sex are distinguished by color and shape. We facet the plot according to sex so that we can clearly see the difference between male and female. From the plot, we can confirm an increase in the prevalence of diseases related to opioid use. People in 25-29 age group are the most affected.